0.This script prints prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output. 1. This script displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'. 2. This script the content of the /etc/passwd file. 3. This script displays the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts. 4. This script displays the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd. 5. This script displays the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd  6. This script displays the third line of the file iacta. 7. This script  creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line. 8. This script writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it. 9. This script duplicates the last line of the file iacta. 10. This script deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders. 11. This script counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory. 12. This script displays the 10 newest files in the current directory, one file per line, from newest to oldest. 13. This script takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once. 14. This script displays lines containing the pattern “root” from the file /etc/passwd. 15. This script displays the number of lines that contain the pattern “bin” in the file /etc/passwd. 16. This script displays lines containing the pattern “root” and 3 lines after them in the file /etc/passwd.17. This script all the lines in the file /etc/passwd that do not contain the pattern “bin”. 18. This script displays all lines of the file /etc/ssh/sshd_config starting with a letter. 19. This script replaces all characters A and c from input to Z and e respectively. 20. This script removes all letters c and C from input. 21. This script reverse its input. 22. This script displays all users and their home directories, sorted by users. 23. This script finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories and lists them in order. 24. This script lists all the files with a .gif extension in the current directory and all its sub-directories. 25. This script decodes acrostics that use the first letter of each line. 26. This script parses web servers logs in TSV format as input and displays the 11 hosts or IP addresses which did the most requests in order of most active host or IP.
