0.This script prints the absolute path name of the current working directory. 1. This script displays the contents list of your current directory. 2. This script changes the working directory to the user’s home directory. 3. This script displays current directory contents in a long format. 4. This script displays the current directory’s contents, including hidden files. 5. This script displays the current directory’s contents in a long format with user and group IDs displayed numerically as well as hidden files. 6. This script creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/ directory. 7. This script moves the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_directory. 8. This script deletes the file betty from /tmp/my_first_directory. 9. This script deletes directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory. 10. This script changes the working directory to the previous one. 11. This script lists all files as well as hidden files, in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory (in this order), in long format. 12. This script prints the type of the file named iamafile which is located in the /tmp directory. 13. This script creates a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__ in the current directory. 14. This script copies all the HTML (.html) files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or are newer than the versions in the pwd from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory. 15. This script moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory /tmp/u. 16. This script deletes all files in the current working directory that end with the character ~. 17. This script creates the directories welcome/, welcome/to/ and welcome/to/school in the current directory. 18. This script creates a command that lists all the files and directories of the current directory, separated by commas, in alphabetical order, including files and directories starting with a dot and the directory names end with a slash. 19. This script creates a magic file school.mgc that can be used with the command file to detect School data files. School data files always contain the string SCHOOL at offset 0.
